Add a new page on comparing Cypher and SQL (#298)
neo4j/docs-getting-started: modules/ROOT/pages/appendix/tutorials/guide-import-relational-and-etl.adoc

* In the *import* folder for the Neo4j instance that you can manage.
* From a publicly-available location such as an S3 bucket or a github location. You must use this option if you are using Neo4j AuraDB or Neo4j Sandbox.

If you want to use the CSV files for the Neo4j instance you manage, you can copy the CSV files from

> link:https://github.com/neo4j-documentation/developer-resources/tree/gh-pages/data/northwind[Northwind files on GitHub] and place them in the *import* folder for your Neo4j DBMS.

Reviewer: we should use this as source: https://github.com/neo4j-graph-examples/northwind/tree/main/import

Reviewer: It also has the data importer file, that we could also use to import the data, or at least we should point it out /cc @AlexicaWright

> link:https://github.com/neo4j-documentation/developer-resources/tree/gh-pages/data/northwind[Northwind files on GitHub] and place them in the *import* folder for your Neo4j DBMS.

Author: ```suggestion
link: https://github.com/neo4j-graph-examples/northwind/tree/main/import[Northwind files on GitHub] and place them in the *import* folder for your Neo4j DBMS.
```

> We have already placed these CSV files in GitHub for your access to them.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this a repetition of the previous sentence?
Also, the "We" here seems to mean something else (the company, as opposed to the non-defined "we" completing the tasks mentioned elsewhere). Maybe worth rephrasing (if kept) to: "The CSV files can be accessed on GitHub"?

> You use use Cypher's `LOAD CSV` statement to read each file and add Cypher clauses after it to take the row/column data and transform it to the graph.

Reviewer 2: In general, I think either use "you" or "we", and stick to it throughout the page.
